README.md, before:

# MCP Servers

A curated collection of Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers for various services and tools. 

To add a server, see the [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

| Server | Description | Install |
|--------|-------------|---------|
| **GitHub** | Version control and collaborative development platform. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=github&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoiZG9ja2VyIHJ1biAtaSAtLXJtIC1lIEdJVEhVQl9QRVJTT05BTF9BQ0NFU1NfVE9LRU4gZ2hjci5pby9naXRodWIvZ2l0aHViLW1jcC1zZXJ2ZXIiLCJlbnYiOnsiR0lUSFVCX1BFUlNPTkFMX0FDQ0VTU19UT0tFTiI6IiJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Notion** | All-in-one workspace for notes, docs, and project management. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=notion&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5ub3Rpb24uY29tL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Figma** | Design and collaboration platform for teams. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=figma&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwOi8vMTI3LjAuMC4xOjM4NDUvbWNwIn0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Context7** | Up-to-date code documentation. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=context7&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5jb250ZXh0Ny5jb20vbWNwIn0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Linear** | Issue tracking and project management for development teams. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=linear&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5saW5lYXIuYXBwL3NzZSJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Playwright** | End-to-end browser testing. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=playwright&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IEBwbGF5d3JpZ2h0L21jcEBsYXRlc3QifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Sentry** | Error tracking and performance monitoring. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=sentry&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5zZW50cnkuZGV2L21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Vercel** | Manage projects and deployments on Vercel. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=vercel&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC52ZXJjZWwuY29tIn0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **GitLab** | DevSecOps platform for code, CI/CD, and security. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=gitlab&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IG1jcC1yZW1vdGUgaHR0cHM6Ly95b3VyLWdpdGxhYi1pbnN0YW5jZS5jb20vYXBpL3Y0L21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **PostHog** | Analytics, error tracking, and feature flags. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=posthog&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1jcC1yZW1vdGVAbGF0ZXN0IGh0dHBzOi8vbWNwLnBvc3Rob2cuY29tL3NzZSAtLWhlYWRlciBBdXRob3JpemF0aW9uOiR7UE9TVEhPR19BVVRIX0hFQURFUn0iLCJlbnYiOnsiUE9TVEhPR19BVVRIX0hFQURFUiI6IkJlYXJlciB7SU5TRVJUX1lPVVJfUEVSU09OQUxfQVBJX0tFWV9IRVJFfSJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Netlify** | Build and deploy web projects. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=netlify&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEBuZXRsaWZ5L21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Zapier** | Automate workflows between apps. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=zapier&config=e30%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Heroku** | Manage Heroku apps and resources. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=heroku&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEBoZXJva3UvbWNwLXNlcnZlciIsImVudiI6eyJIRVJPS1VfQVBJX0tFWSI6IiJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Postman** | API collaboration and testing. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=postman&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5wb3N0bWFuLmNvbS9taW5pbWFsIiwiaGVhZGVycyI6eyJBdXRob3JpemF0aW9uIjoiQmVhcmVyIFlPVVJfQVBJX0tFWSJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **MongoDB** | Manage MongoDB data and deployments. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=mongodb&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1vbmdvZGItbWNwLXNlcnZlciJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **dbt Labs** | dbt CLI, Semantic Layer, and Discovery API. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=dbt-labs&config=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%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Atlassian** | Project management and collaboration tools including Jira and Confluence. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=atlassian&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IG1jcC1yZW1vdGUgaHR0cHM6Ly9tY3AuYXRsYXNzaWFuLmNvbS92MS9zc2UifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **DuckDB** | In-process SQL OLAP database for local analytics. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=duckdb&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoidXZ4IG1jcC1zZXJ2ZXItbW90aGVyZHVjayAtLWRiLXBhdGggOm1lbW9yeToiLCJlbnYiOnsibW90aGVyZHVja190b2tlbiI6IiJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Browserbase** | Headless browser sessions for agents. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=browserbase&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IEBicm93c2VyYmFzZWhxL21jcCIsImVudiI6eyJCUk9XU0VSQkFTRV9BUElfS0VZIjoiIiwiQlJPV1NFUkJBU0VfUFJPSkVDVF9JRCI6IiJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Shopify** | Shopify app development tools. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=shopify&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEBzaG9waWZ5L2Rldi1tY3BAbGF0ZXN0In0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **snyk** | Vulnerability scanning of your codebase. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=snyk&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IHNueWtAbGF0ZXN0IG1jcCAtdCBzdGRpbyJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Hugging Face** | Access the Hugging Face Hub and Gradio MCP Servers. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=hugging-face&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2hmLmNvL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Wix** | Build and manage Wix sites. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=wix&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC53aXguY29tL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Semgrep** | Scan code for security vulnerabilities. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=semgrep&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5zZW1ncmVwLmFpL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **LaunchDarkly** | Feature flags as a service. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=launchdarkly&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IC0tcGFja2FnZSBAbGF1bmNoZGFya2x5L21jcC1zZXJ2ZXIgLS0gbWNwIHN0YXJ0IC0tYXBpLWtleSBhcGkteHh4eHh4eHgteHh4eC14eHh4LXh4eHgteHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4In0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Endor Labs** | Security risk insights for code. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=endor-labs&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoiZW5kb3JjdGwgYWktdG9vbHMgbWNwLXNlcnZlciJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **InstantDB** | Query and manage InstantDB. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=instantdb&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5pbnN0YW50ZGIuY29tL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Tinybird** | Real-time analytics APIs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=tinybird&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1jcC1yZW1vdGUgaHR0cHM6Ly9jbG91ZC50aW55YmlyZC5jby9tY3A%2FdG9rZW49VEJfVE9LRU4ifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Neon** | Manage Neon Postgres. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=neon&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1jcC1yZW1vdGUgaHR0cHM6Ly9tY3AubmVvbi50ZWNoL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Socket** | Analyze and secure dependencies. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=socket&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5zb2NrZXQuZGV2LyJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Pipedream** | Connect to APIs and workflows. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=pipedream&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5waXBlZHJlYW0ubmV0Lzx1dWlkPi88YXBwPiJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Auth0** | Manage Auth0 resources. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=auth0&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEBhdXRoMC9hdXRoMC1tY3Atc2VydmVyIHJ1biIsImVudiI6eyJERUJVRyI6ImF1dGgwLW1jcCJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Honeycomb** | Query observability data and SLOs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=honeycomb&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5ob25leWNvbWIuaW8vbWNwIn0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **PagerDuty** | Manage incidents and alerts. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=pagerduty&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoidXZ4IHBhZ2VyZHV0eS1tY3AgLS1lbmFibGUtd3JpdGUtdG9vbHMiLCJlbnYiOnsiUEFHRVJEVVRZX1VTRVJfQVBJX0tFWSI6IiIsIlBBR0VSRFVUWV9BUElfSE9TVCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBpLnBhZ2VyZHV0eS5jb20ifX0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Graphite** | Create and manage stacked PRs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=graphite&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoiZ3QgbWNwIn0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Railway** | Deploy apps, databases, and services. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=railway&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEByYWlsd2F5L21jcC1zZXJ2ZXIifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **AWS Documentation** | Access AWS documentation, search, and get recommendations. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=aws-documentation&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoidXZ4IGF3c2xhYnMuYXdzLWRvY3VtZW50YXRpb24tbWNwLXNlcnZlckBsYXRlc3QiLCJlbnYiOnsiRkFTVE1DUF9MT0dfTEVWRUwiOiJFUlJPUiIsIkFXU19ET0NVTUVOVEFUSU9OX1BBUlRJVElPTiI6ImF3cyJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Select Star** | Data catalog, lineage, and context. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=select-star&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1jcC1yZW1vdGVAbGF0ZXN0IGh0dHBzOi8vbWNwLnByb2R1Y3Rpb24uc2VsZWN0c3Rhci5jb20vbWNwIC0taGVhZGVyIEF1dGhvcml6YXRpb246JHtTRUxFQ1RfU1RBUl9UT0tFTn0iLCJlbnYiOnsiU0VMRUNUX1NUQVJfVE9LRU4iOiIifX0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **SonarQube** | Analyze code with SonarQube. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=sonarqube&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoiZG9ja2VyIHJ1biAtaSAtLXJtIC1lIFNPTkFSUVVCRV9UT0tFTiAtZSBTT05BUlFVQkVfVVJMIG1jcC9zb25hcnF1YmUiLCJlbnYiOnsiU09OQVJRVUJFX1RPS0VOIjoiIiwiU09OQVJRVUJFX1VSTCI6IiJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **MS Learn Docs** | Search Microsoft docs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=ms-learn-docs&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2xlYXJuLm1pY3Jvc29mdC5jb20vYXBpL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Stripe** | Payment processing APIs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=stripe&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEBzdHJpcGUvbWNwIC0tdG9vbHM9YWxsIiwiZW52Ijp7IlNUUklQRV9TRUNSRVRfS0VZIjoiIn19" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **PayPal** | Payment APIs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=paypal&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1jcC1yZW1vdGUgaHR0cHM6Ly9tY3AucGF5cGFsLmNvbS9zc2UifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Plaid** | Access financial account data. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=plaid&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwaS5kYXNoYm9hcmQucGxhaWQuY29tL21jcC9zc2UifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Mercado Pago** | Access Mercado Pago docs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=mercado-pago&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5tZXJjYWRvcGFnby5jb20vbWNwIiwiaGVhZGVycyI6eyJBdXRob3JpemF0aW9uIjoiQmVhcmVyIDxBQ0NFU1NfVE9LRU4%2BIn19" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Mercado Libre** | Access Mercado Libre docs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=mercado-libre&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5tZXJjYWRvbGlicmUuY29tL21jcCIsImhlYWRlcnMiOnsiQXV0aG9yaXphdGlvbiI6IkJlYXJlciBBVVRIX1RPS0VOIn19" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |

## Setup

Each server has its own configuration requirements. Refer to the individual server documentation for specific setup instructions.

## Security

MCP servers are manually <a href="https://github.com/cursor/mcp-servers/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#review-process">reviewed</a> upon submission before including them in our curated list. We make a best effort to ensure that these servers are functional, but cannot guarantee their availability.

<b>We cannot guarantee the security of these MCP servers beyond the initial review process.</b> We recommend performing your own security checks for trusting these MCP servers.

Commit message:

feat(servers): add Replicate MCP server
Add Replicate's MCP server to the directory. Replicate provides tools
for searching, discovering, comparing, and running AI models through
their cloud API.

README.md, after:

# MCP Servers

A curated collection of Model Context Protocol (MCP) servers for various services and tools. 

To add a server, see the [Contributing Guidelines](CONTRIBUTING.md).

| Server | Description | Install |
|--------|-------------|---------|
| **GitHub** | Version control and collaborative development platform. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=github&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoiZG9ja2VyIHJ1biAtaSAtLXJtIC1lIEdJVEhVQl9QRVJTT05BTF9BQ0NFU1NfVE9LRU4gZ2hjci5pby9naXRodWIvZ2l0aHViLW1jcC1zZXJ2ZXIiLCJlbnYiOnsiR0lUSFVCX1BFUlNPTkFMX0FDQ0VTU19UT0tFTiI6IiJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Notion** | All-in-one workspace for notes, docs, and project management. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=notion&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5ub3Rpb24uY29tL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Figma** | Design and collaboration platform for teams. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=figma&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwOi8vMTI3LjAuMC4xOjM4NDUvbWNwIn0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Context7** | Up-to-date code documentation. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=context7&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5jb250ZXh0Ny5jb20vbWNwIn0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Linear** | Issue tracking and project management for development teams. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=linear&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5saW5lYXIuYXBwL3NzZSJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Playwright** | End-to-end browser testing. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=playwright&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IEBwbGF5d3JpZ2h0L21jcEBsYXRlc3QifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Sentry** | Error tracking and performance monitoring. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=sentry&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5zZW50cnkuZGV2L21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Vercel** | Manage projects and deployments on Vercel. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=vercel&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC52ZXJjZWwuY29tIn0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **GitLab** | DevSecOps platform for code, CI/CD, and security. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=gitlab&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IG1jcC1yZW1vdGUgaHR0cHM6Ly95b3VyLWdpdGxhYi1pbnN0YW5jZS5jb20vYXBpL3Y0L21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **PostHog** | Analytics, error tracking, and feature flags. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=posthog&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1jcC1yZW1vdGVAbGF0ZXN0IGh0dHBzOi8vbWNwLnBvc3Rob2cuY29tL3NzZSAtLWhlYWRlciBBdXRob3JpemF0aW9uOiR7UE9TVEhPR19BVVRIX0hFQURFUn0iLCJlbnYiOnsiUE9TVEhPR19BVVRIX0hFQURFUiI6IkJlYXJlciB7SU5TRVJUX1lPVVJfUEVSU09OQUxfQVBJX0tFWV9IRVJFfSJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Netlify** | Build and deploy web projects. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=netlify&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEBuZXRsaWZ5L21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Zapier** | Automate workflows between apps. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=zapier&config=e30%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Heroku** | Manage Heroku apps and resources. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=heroku&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEBoZXJva3UvbWNwLXNlcnZlciIsImVudiI6eyJIRVJPS1VfQVBJX0tFWSI6IiJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Postman** | API collaboration and testing. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=postman&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5wb3N0bWFuLmNvbS9taW5pbWFsIiwiaGVhZGVycyI6eyJBdXRob3JpemF0aW9uIjoiQmVhcmVyIFlPVVJfQVBJX0tFWSJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **MongoDB** | Manage MongoDB data and deployments. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=mongodb&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1vbmdvZGItbWNwLXNlcnZlciJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **dbt Labs** | dbt CLI, Semantic Layer, and Discovery API. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=dbt-labs&config=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%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Atlassian** | Project management and collaboration tools including Jira and Confluence. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=atlassian&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IG1jcC1yZW1vdGUgaHR0cHM6Ly9tY3AuYXRsYXNzaWFuLmNvbS92MS9zc2UifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **DuckDB** | In-process SQL OLAP database for local analytics. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=duckdb&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoidXZ4IG1jcC1zZXJ2ZXItbW90aGVyZHVjayAtLWRiLXBhdGggOm1lbW9yeToiLCJlbnYiOnsibW90aGVyZHVja190b2tlbiI6IiJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Browserbase** | Headless browser sessions for agents. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=browserbase&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IEBicm93c2VyYmFzZWhxL21jcCIsImVudiI6eyJCUk9XU0VSQkFTRV9BUElfS0VZIjoiIiwiQlJPV1NFUkJBU0VfUFJPSkVDVF9JRCI6IiJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Shopify** | Shopify app development tools. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=shopify&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEBzaG9waWZ5L2Rldi1tY3BAbGF0ZXN0In0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **snyk** | Vulnerability scanning of your codebase. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=snyk&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IHNueWtAbGF0ZXN0IG1jcCAtdCBzdGRpbyJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Hugging Face** | Access the Hugging Face Hub and Gradio MCP Servers. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=hugging-face&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2hmLmNvL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Wix** | Build and manage Wix sites. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=wix&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC53aXguY29tL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Semgrep** | Scan code for security vulnerabilities. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=semgrep&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5zZW1ncmVwLmFpL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **LaunchDarkly** | Feature flags as a service. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=launchdarkly&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IC0tcGFja2FnZSBAbGF1bmNoZGFya2x5L21jcC1zZXJ2ZXIgLS0gbWNwIHN0YXJ0IC0tYXBpLWtleSBhcGkteHh4eHh4eHgteHh4eC14eHh4LXh4eHgteHh4eHh4eHh4eHh4In0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Endor Labs** | Security risk insights for code. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=endor-labs&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoiZW5kb3JjdGwgYWktdG9vbHMgbWNwLXNlcnZlciJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **InstantDB** | Query and manage InstantDB. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=instantdb&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5pbnN0YW50ZGIuY29tL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Tinybird** | Real-time analytics APIs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=tinybird&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1jcC1yZW1vdGUgaHR0cHM6Ly9jbG91ZC50aW55YmlyZC5jby9tY3A%2FdG9rZW49VEJfVE9LRU4ifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Neon** | Manage Neon Postgres. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=neon&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1jcC1yZW1vdGUgaHR0cHM6Ly9tY3AubmVvbi50ZWNoL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Socket** | Analyze and secure dependencies. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=socket&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5zb2NrZXQuZGV2LyJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Pipedream** | Connect to APIs and workflows. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=pipedream&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5waXBlZHJlYW0ubmV0Lzx1dWlkPi88YXBwPiJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Auth0** | Manage Auth0 resources. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=auth0&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEBhdXRoMC9hdXRoMC1tY3Atc2VydmVyIHJ1biIsImVudiI6eyJERUJVRyI6ImF1dGgwLW1jcCJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Honeycomb** | Query observability data and SLOs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=honeycomb&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5ob25leWNvbWIuaW8vbWNwIn0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **PagerDuty** | Manage incidents and alerts. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=pagerduty&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoidXZ4IHBhZ2VyZHV0eS1tY3AgLS1lbmFibGUtd3JpdGUtdG9vbHMiLCJlbnYiOnsiUEFHRVJEVVRZX1VTRVJfQVBJX0tFWSI6IiIsIlBBR0VSRFVUWV9BUElfSE9TVCI6Imh0dHBzOi8vYXBpLnBhZ2VyZHV0eS5jb20ifX0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Graphite** | Create and manage stacked PRs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=graphite&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoiZ3QgbWNwIn0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Railway** | Deploy apps, databases, and services. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=railway&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEByYWlsd2F5L21jcC1zZXJ2ZXIifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Replicate** | Search, discover, compare, and run AI models with a cloud API. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=replicate&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5yZXBsaWNhdGUuY29tL3NzZSJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **AWS Documentation** | Access AWS documentation, search, and get recommendations. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=aws-documentation&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoidXZ4IGF3c2xhYnMuYXdzLWRvY3VtZW50YXRpb24tbWNwLXNlcnZlckBsYXRlc3QiLCJlbnYiOnsiRkFTVE1DUF9MT0dfTEVWRUwiOiJFUlJPUiIsIkFXU19ET0NVTUVOVEFUSU9OX1BBUlRJVElPTiI6ImF3cyJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Select Star** | Data catalog, lineage, and context. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=select-star&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1jcC1yZW1vdGVAbGF0ZXN0IGh0dHBzOi8vbWNwLnByb2R1Y3Rpb24uc2VsZWN0c3Rhci5jb20vbWNwIC0taGVhZGVyIEF1dGhvcml6YXRpb246JHtTRUxFQ1RfU1RBUl9UT0tFTn0iLCJlbnYiOnsiU0VMRUNUX1NUQVJfVE9LRU4iOiIifX0%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **SonarQube** | Analyze code with SonarQube. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=sonarqube&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoiZG9ja2VyIHJ1biAtaSAtLXJtIC1lIFNPTkFSUVVCRV9UT0tFTiAtZSBTT05BUlFVQkVfVVJMIG1jcC9zb25hcnF1YmUiLCJlbnYiOnsiU09OQVJRVUJFX1RPS0VOIjoiIiwiU09OQVJRVUJFX1VSTCI6IiJ9fQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **MS Learn Docs** | Search Microsoft docs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=ms-learn-docs&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2xlYXJuLm1pY3Jvc29mdC5jb20vYXBpL21jcCJ9" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Stripe** | Payment processing APIs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=stripe&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IEBzdHJpcGUvbWNwIC0tdG9vbHM9YWxsIiwiZW52Ijp7IlNUUklQRV9TRUNSRVRfS0VZIjoiIn19" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **PayPal** | Payment APIs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=paypal&config=eyJjb21tYW5kIjoibnB4IC15IG1jcC1yZW1vdGUgaHR0cHM6Ly9tY3AucGF5cGFsLmNvbS9zc2UifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Plaid** | Access financial account data. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=plaid&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL2FwaS5kYXNoYm9hcmQucGxhaWQuY29tL21jcC9zc2UifQ%3D%3D" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Mercado Pago** | Access Mercado Pago docs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=mercado-pago&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5tZXJjYWRvcGFnby5jb20vbWNwIiwiaGVhZGVycyI6eyJBdXRob3JpemF0aW9uIjoiQmVhcmVyIDxBQ0NFU1NfVE9LRU4%2BIn19" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |
| **Mercado Libre** | Access Mercado Libre docs. | <a href="https://cursor.com/en/install-mcp?name=mercado-libre&config=eyJ1cmwiOiJodHRwczovL21jcC5tZXJjYWRvbGlicmUuY29tL21jcCIsImhlYWRlcnMiOnsiQXV0aG9yaXphdGlvbiI6IkJlYXJlciBBVVRIX1RPS0VOIn19" style="border: 1px solid rgba(128, 128, 128, 0.5); padding: 4px 8px; text-decoration: none; border-radius: 4px; font-size: 12px;">Install</a> |

## Setup

Each server has its own configuration requirements. Refer to the individual server documentation for specific setup instructions.

## Security

MCP servers are manually <a href="https://github.com/cursor/mcp-servers/blob/main/CONTRIBUTING.md#review-process">reviewed</a> upon submission before including them in our curated list. We make a best effort to ensure that these servers are functional, but cannot guarantee their availability.

<b>We cannot guarantee the security of these MCP servers beyond the initial review process.</b> We recommend performing your own security checks for trusting these MCP servers.
